The centerpiece of the school festival is the stage event.
How the program is put together depends on
the executive committee members’ capabilities.
The stage events will determine the flow of people
at the school festival.
What projects are coming up this year?
They’re due by the end of this week, right?
Yes, we have received them one after another.
The band club hasn’t been able to sign up yet, but everyone is
practicing hard for this year’s performance!
Band club is a must! I know we received applications
from the dance and drama clubs.
The e-sports club wants a tournament,
so they wish to apply for stage events this year.
Looks like there will be a lot of stage events this year.
I hope it’s going to be a lot of fun!
By the way, is this your first time dealing with copyright
procedures for a stage event?
Have you heard anything about what you need to check?
What?
Are copyright procedures required for college festivals?
I thought all stage events were free for spectators, right?
Since the school festival is free
and the university is an educational institution, there is
no need to deal with copyrights for educational use.
I’m in the band club, so I know about our music.
But I didn’t care about dance or drama or anything like that...
I wonder if e-sports also require some kind of procedures or
something because they project the game on screen...
I guess the executive committee member manual hasn`t been
passed on to everyone yet.
We must handle the band club’s performances, dances, plays,
and games separately.
It is also the executive committee’s job to ensure we correctly
handle copyrights related to the stage.
Yes!